README.md, before:

# Awesome AI News For Developers

AI is rapidly changing faster than developers can keep up with. This repo is a monthly collection of AI news and resources for developers.

## September 2025
- [Claude Sonnet 4.5](https://x.com/alexalbert__/status/1972707077182394744)
- OpenAI + Stripe [Agentic Commerce Protocol](https://x.com/OpenAI/status/1972708279043367238)
- [ChatGPT Parental Control](https://x.com/OpenAI/status/1972604360204210600)
- [Gemini Robotics-ER 1.5](https://x.com/googleaidevs/status/1971243798375120982), [Blog](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/building-the-next-generation-of-physical-agents-with-gemini-robotics-er-15/), [Research Paper](https://storage.googleapis.com/deepmind-media/gemini-robotics/Gemini-Robotics-1-5-Tech-Report.pdf)
- [GitHub Copilot CLI](https://x.com/github/status/1971295695853306059)
- [Grok 4 Vision](https://x.com/elonmusk/status/1971472472718655974)
- [OpenAI function calling update ](https://x.com/OpenAIDevs/status/1971618905941856495)
- [Subagents in Claude Code](https://x.com/claudeai/status/1971666134492696749)
- [ChatGPT Pulse](https://x.com/OpenAI/status/1971259652684878019)
- [Kimi Ok Computer](https://x.com/Kimi_Moonshot/status/1971078467560276160): Agent mode for Kimi Chat
- [Mooondream 3 Preview](https://moondream.ai/blog/moondream-3-preview)
- [Meta Code World Model (CWM)](https://x.com/AIatMeta/status/1970963571753222319)
- [Qwen3-VL](https://x.com/Ali_TongyiLab/status/1970665194390220864)
- [Qwen3-TTS API](https://modelstudio.console.alibabacloud.com/?tab=doc#/doc/?type=model&url=2879134): [X post](https://x.com/Ali_TongyiLab/status/1970160304748437933)
- [Qwen3-Omni](https://github.com/QwenLM/Qwen3-Omni): Text, image, audio & video model. [X post](https://x.com/Alibaba_Qwen/status/1970181599133344172)
- [Ollama Cloud Models](https://ollama.com/blog/cloud-models): Run larger models locally with fast, datacenter-grade hardware
- [DeepSeek-V3.1-Terminus](https://x.com/deepseek_ai/status/1970117808035074215)
- [OpenAI & NVIDIA partnership](https://x.com/gdb/status/1970173243350008201)
- [ElevenLabs Studio 3.0](https://x.com/elevenlabsio/status/1968344592740434188)
- [Google GenKit Go 1.0](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/announcing-genkit-go-10-and-enhanced-ai-assisted-development)
- [Stitch by Google](https://x.com/stitchbygoogle/status/1968374355890684179): New features
- [Meta Ray-Ban](https://www.meta.com/en-gb/blog/meta-ray-ban-display-ai-glasses-connect-2025/)
- [Gemini in Chrome](https://blog.google/products/chrome/new-ai-features-for-chrome)
- [GPT-5-Codex](https://x.com/OpenAI/status/1967636903165038708), [Blog post](https://openai.com/index/introducing-upgrades-to-codex/): A version of GPT-5 further optimized for agentic coding in Codex
- [GPT-5 now built-in in Xcode 26](https://x.com/OpenAIDevs/status/1967704919487729753)
- [AgentScope](https://github.com/agentscope-ai/agentscope): Agent-oriented programming for building LLM apps
- [sosumi.ai](https://sosumi.ai/): Making Apple docs AI-readable
- [Kimi K2-0905 update](https://x.com/Kimi_Moonshot/status/1963802687230947698)
- Google on-device AI: [EmbeddingGemma](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/introducing-embeddinggemma/)
- [Qwen3-Max-Preview](https://x.com/Alibaba_Qwen/status/1963991502440562976)

## August 2025

- [Claude Sonnet 4 in Xcode 26 Beta 7](https://x.com/claudeai/status/1961122752577908788)
- [GPT Realtime](https://openai.com/index/introducing-gpt-realtime/)
- [Google vids.new](https://vids.new/)
- Gemini 2.5 Flash Image Generation: [Blog](https://blog.google/products/gemini/updated-image-editing-model/), [X](https://x.com/GoogleDeepMind/status/1960341909555011867)
- [Claude for Chrome](https://www.anthropic.com/news/claude-for-chrome)
- [VibeVoice](https://microsoft.github.io/VibeVoice/)
- [Agents.md](https://agents.md/)
- [GPT 5](https://openai.com/gpt-5/)
- [Cursor CLI](https://cursor.com/cli)
- [Codex CLI in Cursor & VS Code](https://x.com/OpenAIDevs/status/1960809816039023029)
- [Grok Code Fast 1](https://forum.cursor.com/t/grok-code-out-now-free-week/132063) in Cursor & [kilocode.ai](https://blog.kilocode.ai/p/grok-code-fast-get-this-frontier-ai-model-free)
- [Open models by OpenAI](https://openai.com/open-models/)
- [GPT-OSS Playground](https://www.gpt-oss.com/)
- [Claude Opus 4.1](https://www.anthropic.com/news/claude-opus-4-1)
- [v0.app](https://v0.app/), [X post](https://x.com/v0/status/1954942203471831448)
- [ElevenLabs Music](https://elevenlabs.io/music)
- [Genie 3](https://deepmind.google/discover/blog/genie-3-a-new-frontier-for-world-models/), [X post](https://x.com/GoogleDeepMind/status/1952732150928724043)
- [Gemini Storybook](https://gemini.google/overview/storybook/)
- [Qwen Image](https://x.com/Alibaba_Qwen/status/1952398250121756992), [Blog](https://qwenlm.github.io/blog/qwen-image/)
- [Qwen Image Edit](https://x.com/Alibaba_Qwen/status/1957500569029079083)
- [Gemma 3 270M](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/introducing-gemma-3-270m/)
- [DINOv3](https://ai.meta.com/dinov3/)
- [Swift Agent](https://github.com/SwiftedMind/SwiftAgent): Swift SDK for building AI agents
- [ElevenLabs Next.js Starter Kit](https://github.com/elevenlabs/elevenlabs-nextjs-starter), [Next.js Playground](https://elevenlabs-nextjs.vercel.app/)
- [Eleven v3](https://elevenlabs.io/v3)
- [ElevenLabs Video-to-Music](https://elevenlabs.io/studio/video-to-music), [X post](https://x.com/elevenlabsio/status/1956406489356333225)
- [DeepSeek V3.1](https://huggingface.co/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-V3.1)
- [Qoder: Agentic coding platform](https://qoder.com/)
- [Fireplexity](https://github.com/firecrawl/fireplexity)
- [Cartesia Line SDK](https://x.com/cartesia_ai/status/1957862421667664216)

## July 2025

- [Google Opal](https://opal.withgoogle.com/landing/): Build mini AI apps
- [ChatGPT study mode](https://openai.com/index/chatgpt-study-mode/)
- [GLM-4.5 model](https://z.ai/blog/glm-4.5): Reasoning, Coding, and Agentic model
- [Ollama for Mac](https://x.com/ollama/status/1950670503376761133)
- [Introducing GhatGPT Agent](https://openai.com/index/introducing-chatgpt-agent/)
- [Qwen3 Coder](https://github.com/QwenLM/Qwen3-Coder)
- [Kiro: Amazon's Agentic IDE](https://x.com/ajassy/status/1944785963663966633), [Kiro.dev](https://kiro.dev/)
- [Gemini Embedding in the API](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/gemini-embedding-available-gemini-api/)
- [Kimi K2](https://moonshotai.github.io/Kimi-K2/)
- [Grok 4](https://x.com/xai/status/1943158495588815072)
- [Perplexity Comet](https://comet.perplexity.ai/)
- [Grok 4 in Zed IDE](https://x.com/zeddotdev/status/1945606082551763410)
- [Mistral Voxtral: Speech Recognition models](https://x.com/MistralAI/status/1945130173751288311)

## June 2025

- [Gemma 3n](https://deepmind.google/models/gemma/gemma-3n/)
- [Imagen 4](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/imagen-4-now-available-in-the-gemini-api-and-google-ai-studio/)
- [Andrej Karpathy: Software Is Changing](https://youtu.be/LCEmiRjPEtQ?si=h6v4WsI9wbYAAurd)
- [Warp 2.0 Agentic Dev](https://www.warp.dev/blog/reimagining-coding-agentic-development-environment)
- [Gemini CLI](https://blog.google/technology/developers/introducing-gemini-cli-open-source-ai-agent/), [Repo](https://github.com/google-gemini/gemini-cli)
- [WWDC25: Use ChatGPT in Xcode 26](https://www.apple.com/newsroom/2025/06/apple-supercharges-its-tools-and-technologies-for-developers/)
- [WWCD25: Apple Foundation Models Framework](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2025/286/)
- [OpenAI o3 Pro](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/o3-pro)
- [WWDC25: MLX for Apple Silicon](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2025/315/)


## May 2025

- [Stich by Google: Web/mobile UI vibe coding](https://stitch.withgoogle.com/)
- [Anthropic Code with Claude live stream](https://x.com/AnthropicAI/status/1925239440420831516)
- [Jony/Sam AI-Powered Computers](https://x.com/sama/status/1925242282523103408)
- [Jules Agentic Coding](https://jules.google/)
- [GitHub Copilot is now open-source](https://code.visualstudio.com/blogs/2025/05/19/openSourceAIEditor)
- [OpenAI Codex](https://openai.com/index/introducing-codex/)
- [Anthropic API: Web Search Tool](https://www.anthropic.com/news/web-search-api)
- [Gemini-powered coding agent](https://deepmind.google/discover/blog/alphaevolve-a-gemini-powered-coding-agent-for-designing-advanced-algorithms/)
- [Windsurf SWE-1 model](https://windsurf.com/blog/windsurf-wave-9-swe-1)
- [Elevenlabs Soundboard](https://elevenlabs.io/blog/how-we-created-a-soundboard-using-elevenlabs-sfx-api)
  

## April 2025

- [Introducing Qwen3](https://qwenlm.github.io/blog/qwen3/)
- [Llama API](https://llama.developer.meta.com/docs/overview/)
- [OpenAI o3 and o4-mini](https://openai.com/index/introducing-o3-and-o4-mini/)
- [OpenAI Codex CLI](https://help.openai.com/en/articles/11096431-openai-codex-cli-getting-started)
- [Introducing GPT-4.1 in the API](https://openai.com/index/gpt-4-1/)
- [GPT-4.1 Prompting Guide](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/gpt4-1_prompting_guide)
- [AI in Enterprise: OpenAI](https://cdn.openai.com/business-guides-and-resources/ai-in-the-enterprise.pdf)
- [OpenAI: A Practical Guide to Building Agents](https://cdn.openai.com/business-guides-and-resources/a-practical-guide-to-building-agents.pdf)
- [Firebase Studio](https://firebase.studio/)
- [Identifying and Scaling AI Use Cases](https://cdn.openai.com/business-guides-and-resources/identifying-and-scaling-ai-use-cases.pdf)
- [Google Agent Development Kit](https://google.github.io/adk-docs/)
- [Gemini Cookbook](https://github.com/google-gemini/cookbook)
- [Vercel AI Chat SDK](https://vercel.com/blog/introducing-chat-sdk), [Get started](https://chat-sdk.dev/)
- [The Llama 4 herd](https://ai.meta.com/blog/llama-4-multimodal-intelligence/)

## March 2025

- [OpenAI Image Generation in ChatGPT](https://openai.com/index/introducing-4o-image-generation/)
- [OpenAI Response API and Agent SDK](https://openai.com/index/new-tools-for-building-agents/)
- [OpenAI.FM](https://www.openai.fm/)
- [Gemini 2.5](https://blog.google/technology/google-deepmind/gemini-model-thinking-updates-march-2025/#gemini-2-5-thinking)
- [DeepSeek-V3-0324](https://huggingface.co/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-V3-0324)
- [Manus](https://manus.im/)
- [Vapi: Voice AI Agents for Developers](https://vapi.ai/)
- [Gemma 3](https://blog.google/technology/developers/gemma-3/)
- [QwQ-32B Reasoning Model](https://qwenlm.github.io/blog/qwq-32b/)
- [Introducing LMStudio SDK](https://lmstudio.ai/blog/introducing-lmstudio-sdk)
- [FastHTML and MonsterUI](https://www.drewecherd.com/post/hello-fasthtml-monsterui)
- [Mistral Small 3.1](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-small-3-1)
- [Claude Web Search](https://www.anthropic.com/news/web-search)
- [Krea AI Video Training](https://x.com/krea_ai/status/1902722055759671505)
- [NotebookLM Mind Maps](https://x.com/tokumin/status/1902251588925915429)
- [Hunyuan 3D Generation AI](https://huggingface.co/tencent/Hunyuan3D-2mv)
- [Stability AI New Virtual Camera](https://x.com/StabilityAI/status/1902033312379732171)
- [Gemini Canvas & Audio Overview](https://gemini.google.com/canvas)
- ***

## February 2025

- [OpenAI GPT 4.5](https://openai.com/index/introducing-gpt-4-5/)
- [Claude 3.7 Sonnet and Claude Code](https://www.anthropic.com/news/claude-3-7-sonnet)
- [Google Gemini Code Assist](https://blog.google/technology/developers/gemini-code-assist-free/)
- [Grok 3 Beta](https://x.ai/blog/grok-3)
- [Hugging Face FastRTC](https://fastrtc.org/)
- [Microsoft Phi-4 Multimodal](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/empowering-innovation-the-next-generation-of-the-phi-family/)
- [ElevenLabs Scribe](https://elevenlabs.io/blog/meet-scribe)
- [Qwen Chat: Thinking, Web Search, Artifacts, Video](https://chat.qwenlm.ai/)
- [Alibaba Wan 2.1 AI video](https://x.com/Alibaba_Wan/status/1894391929024152055)
- [Perplexity Voice Mode with Grok 3](https://x.com/perplexity_ai/status/1894788583770509505)
- [Amazon Alexa+](https://x.com/amazon/status/1894796967894479141)
- [Mistral Le Chat app](https://chat.mistral.ai/chat)
- [Anthropic Jailbreaks](https://www.anthropic.com/research/constitutional-classifiers)
- [Pika adds Pikaddition](https://x.com/pika_labs/status/1887547042622562646)
- [Google Gemini 2.0 Pro](https://blog.google/technology/google-deepmind/gemini-model-updates-february-2025/?utm_source=x&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=&utm_content=)
- [Replit free text-to-app](https://x.com/dr_cintas/status/1887591534138147052)
- [ByteDance’s AI avatars](https://omnihuman-lab.github.io/)
- [OpenAI’s Deep Research](https://openai.com/index/introducing-deep-research/)
- [HuggingFace AI App Store](https://huggingface.co/spaces)

---

### January 2025

- [DeepSeek R1 and Chat](https://www.deepseek.com)
- [DeepSeek Janus](https://github.com/deepseek-ai/Janus)
- [Trae AI Code Editor](https://www.trae.ai/home)

---

## December 2024

- [12 Days of OpenAI](https://openai.com/12-days/)
  - [Day 1: o1 and ChatGPT Pro](https://openai.com/index/introducing-chatgpt-pro/)
  - [Day 2: Reinforcement Fine-Tuning](https://openai.com/form/rft-research-program/)
  - [Day 3: Sora](https://sora.com/)
  - [Day 4: ChatGPT Canvas](https://openai.com/index/introducing-canvas/)
  - [Day 5: Apple Intelligence](https://openai.com/12-days/)
  - [Day 6: Advanced voice with video & Santa mode](https://openai.com/12-days/)
  - [Day 7: Projects in ChatGPT](https://help.openai.com/en/articles/10169521-using-projects-in-chatgpt)
  - [Day 8: ChatGPT Search](https://openai.com/index/introducing-chatgpt-search/)
  - [Day 9: OpenAI o1 and new tools for developers](https://openai.com/index/o1-and-new-tools-for-developers/)
  - [Day 10: 1-800-CHATGPT](https://openai.com/12-days/)
  - [Day 11: Work with apps](https://openai.com/12-days/)
  - [Day 12: o3 Preview](https://openai.com/index/deliberative-alignment/)
- [Gemini 2.0](https://blog.google/technology/google-deepmind/google-gemini-ai-update-december-2024/#ceo-message)
  [Grok Image Generation Release](https://x.ai/blog/grok-image-generation-release)
- [Ollama Structured Outputs](https://ollama.com/blog/structured-outputs)
- [Llama 3.3](https://www.llama.com/docs/model-cards-and-prompt-formats/llama3_3)
- [ElevenLabs: Build AI Agents That Speak](https://elevenlabs.io/conversational-ai)
- [PydanticAI](https://ai.pydantic.dev/)
- [Introducing Amazon Nova Models](https://aws.amazon.com/ai/generative-ai/?gclid=Cj0KCQiA3sq6BhD2ARIsAJ8MRwW_cnH-GVthnqFmh1Wg1rSpSjV6z0eWvu51SP1QSGt-Y1r8kPSwzg4aAvr6EALw_wcB&trk=5052a323-ec6a-44c6-8dc7-f1197cd3a30e&sc_channel=ps&ef_id=Cj0KCQiA3sq6BhD2ARIsAJ8MRwW_cnH-GVthnqFmh1Wg1rSpSjV6z0eWvu51SP1QSGt-Y1r8kPSwzg4aAvr6EALw_wcB:G:s&s_kwcid=AL!4422!3!686122498300!p!!g!!aws%20generative%20ai!20894977914!155892715886)
- [DeepSeek V3](https://www.deepseek.com)

---

Commit message:

Update README with October 2025 news
Added October 2025 AI news and resources.

README.md, after:

# Awesome AI News For Developers

AI is rapidly changing faster than developers can keep up with. This repo is a monthly collection of AI news and resources for developers.

## October 2025
[Gemini 2.5 Computer Use model](https://blog.google/technology/google-deepmind/gemini-computer-use-model/)
[Apps in ChatGPT](https://openai.com/index/introducing-apps-in-chatgpt/)
[Apps SDK in ChatGPT](https://openai.com/index/introducing-apps-in-chatgpt/)

## September 2025
- [Claude Sonnet 4.5](https://x.com/alexalbert__/status/1972707077182394744)
- OpenAI + Stripe [Agentic Commerce Protocol](https://x.com/OpenAI/status/1972708279043367238)
- [ChatGPT Parental Control](https://x.com/OpenAI/status/1972604360204210600)
- [Gemini Robotics-ER 1.5](https://x.com/googleaidevs/status/1971243798375120982), [Blog](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/building-the-next-generation-of-physical-agents-with-gemini-robotics-er-15/), [Research Paper](https://storage.googleapis.com/deepmind-media/gemini-robotics/Gemini-Robotics-1-5-Tech-Report.pdf)
- [GitHub Copilot CLI](https://x.com/github/status/1971295695853306059)
- [Grok 4 Vision](https://x.com/elonmusk/status/1971472472718655974)
- [OpenAI function calling update ](https://x.com/OpenAIDevs/status/1971618905941856495)
- [Subagents in Claude Code](https://x.com/claudeai/status/1971666134492696749)
- [ChatGPT Pulse](https://x.com/OpenAI/status/1971259652684878019)
- [Kimi Ok Computer](https://x.com/Kimi_Moonshot/status/1971078467560276160): Agent mode for Kimi Chat
- [Mooondream 3 Preview](https://moondream.ai/blog/moondream-3-preview)
- [Meta Code World Model (CWM)](https://x.com/AIatMeta/status/1970963571753222319)
- [Qwen3-VL](https://x.com/Ali_TongyiLab/status/1970665194390220864)
- [Qwen3-TTS API](https://modelstudio.console.alibabacloud.com/?tab=doc#/doc/?type=model&url=2879134): [X post](https://x.com/Ali_TongyiLab/status/1970160304748437933)
- [Qwen3-Omni](https://github.com/QwenLM/Qwen3-Omni): Text, image, audio & video model. [X post](https://x.com/Alibaba_Qwen/status/1970181599133344172)
- [Ollama Cloud Models](https://ollama.com/blog/cloud-models): Run larger models locally with fast, datacenter-grade hardware
- [DeepSeek-V3.1-Terminus](https://x.com/deepseek_ai/status/1970117808035074215)
- [OpenAI & NVIDIA partnership](https://x.com/gdb/status/1970173243350008201)
- [ElevenLabs Studio 3.0](https://x.com/elevenlabsio/status/1968344592740434188)
- [Google GenKit Go 1.0](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/announcing-genkit-go-10-and-enhanced-ai-assisted-development)
- [Stitch by Google](https://x.com/stitchbygoogle/status/1968374355890684179): New features
- [Meta Ray-Ban](https://www.meta.com/en-gb/blog/meta-ray-ban-display-ai-glasses-connect-2025/)
- [Gemini in Chrome](https://blog.google/products/chrome/new-ai-features-for-chrome)
- [GPT-5-Codex](https://x.com/OpenAI/status/1967636903165038708), [Blog post](https://openai.com/index/introducing-upgrades-to-codex/): A version of GPT-5 further optimized for agentic coding in Codex
- [GPT-5 now built-in in Xcode 26](https://x.com/OpenAIDevs/status/1967704919487729753)
- [AgentScope](https://github.com/agentscope-ai/agentscope): Agent-oriented programming for building LLM apps
- [sosumi.ai](https://sosumi.ai/): Making Apple docs AI-readable
- [Kimi K2-0905 update](https://x.com/Kimi_Moonshot/status/1963802687230947698)
- Google on-device AI: [EmbeddingGemma](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/introducing-embeddinggemma/)
- [Qwen3-Max-Preview](https://x.com/Alibaba_Qwen/status/1963991502440562976)

## August 2025

- [Claude Sonnet 4 in Xcode 26 Beta 7](https://x.com/claudeai/status/1961122752577908788)
- [GPT Realtime](https://openai.com/index/introducing-gpt-realtime/)
- [Google vids.new](https://vids.new/)
- Gemini 2.5 Flash Image Generation: [Blog](https://blog.google/products/gemini/updated-image-editing-model/), [X](https://x.com/GoogleDeepMind/status/1960341909555011867)
- [Claude for Chrome](https://www.anthropic.com/news/claude-for-chrome)
- [VibeVoice](https://microsoft.github.io/VibeVoice/)
- [Agents.md](https://agents.md/)
- [GPT 5](https://openai.com/gpt-5/)
- [Cursor CLI](https://cursor.com/cli)
- [Codex CLI in Cursor & VS Code](https://x.com/OpenAIDevs/status/1960809816039023029)
- [Grok Code Fast 1](https://forum.cursor.com/t/grok-code-out-now-free-week/132063) in Cursor & [kilocode.ai](https://blog.kilocode.ai/p/grok-code-fast-get-this-frontier-ai-model-free)
- [Open models by OpenAI](https://openai.com/open-models/)
- [GPT-OSS Playground](https://www.gpt-oss.com/)
- [Claude Opus 4.1](https://www.anthropic.com/news/claude-opus-4-1)
- [v0.app](https://v0.app/), [X post](https://x.com/v0/status/1954942203471831448)
- [ElevenLabs Music](https://elevenlabs.io/music)
- [Genie 3](https://deepmind.google/discover/blog/genie-3-a-new-frontier-for-world-models/), [X post](https://x.com/GoogleDeepMind/status/1952732150928724043)
- [Gemini Storybook](https://gemini.google/overview/storybook/)
- [Qwen Image](https://x.com/Alibaba_Qwen/status/1952398250121756992), [Blog](https://qwenlm.github.io/blog/qwen-image/)
- [Qwen Image Edit](https://x.com/Alibaba_Qwen/status/1957500569029079083)
- [Gemma 3 270M](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/introducing-gemma-3-270m/)
- [DINOv3](https://ai.meta.com/dinov3/)
- [Swift Agent](https://github.com/SwiftedMind/SwiftAgent): Swift SDK for building AI agents
- [ElevenLabs Next.js Starter Kit](https://github.com/elevenlabs/elevenlabs-nextjs-starter), [Next.js Playground](https://elevenlabs-nextjs.vercel.app/)
- [Eleven v3](https://elevenlabs.io/v3)
- [ElevenLabs Video-to-Music](https://elevenlabs.io/studio/video-to-music), [X post](https://x.com/elevenlabsio/status/1956406489356333225)
- [DeepSeek V3.1](https://huggingface.co/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-V3.1)
- [Qoder: Agentic coding platform](https://qoder.com/)
- [Fireplexity](https://github.com/firecrawl/fireplexity)
- [Cartesia Line SDK](https://x.com/cartesia_ai/status/1957862421667664216)

## July 2025

- [Google Opal](https://opal.withgoogle.com/landing/): Build mini AI apps
- [ChatGPT study mode](https://openai.com/index/chatgpt-study-mode/)
- [GLM-4.5 model](https://z.ai/blog/glm-4.5): Reasoning, Coding, and Agentic model
- [Ollama for Mac](https://x.com/ollama/status/1950670503376761133)
- [Introducing GhatGPT Agent](https://openai.com/index/introducing-chatgpt-agent/)
- [Qwen3 Coder](https://github.com/QwenLM/Qwen3-Coder)
- [Kiro: Amazon's Agentic IDE](https://x.com/ajassy/status/1944785963663966633), [Kiro.dev](https://kiro.dev/)
- [Gemini Embedding in the API](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/gemini-embedding-available-gemini-api/)
- [Kimi K2](https://moonshotai.github.io/Kimi-K2/)
- [Grok 4](https://x.com/xai/status/1943158495588815072)
- [Perplexity Comet](https://comet.perplexity.ai/)
- [Grok 4 in Zed IDE](https://x.com/zeddotdev/status/1945606082551763410)
- [Mistral Voxtral: Speech Recognition models](https://x.com/MistralAI/status/1945130173751288311)

## June 2025

- [Gemma 3n](https://deepmind.google/models/gemma/gemma-3n/)
- [Imagen 4](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/imagen-4-now-available-in-the-gemini-api-and-google-ai-studio/)
- [Andrej Karpathy: Software Is Changing](https://youtu.be/LCEmiRjPEtQ?si=h6v4WsI9wbYAAurd)
- [Warp 2.0 Agentic Dev](https://www.warp.dev/blog/reimagining-coding-agentic-development-environment)
- [Gemini CLI](https://blog.google/technology/developers/introducing-gemini-cli-open-source-ai-agent/), [Repo](https://github.com/google-gemini/gemini-cli)
- [WWDC25: Use ChatGPT in Xcode 26](https://www.apple.com/newsroom/2025/06/apple-supercharges-its-tools-and-technologies-for-developers/)
- [WWCD25: Apple Foundation Models Framework](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2025/286/)
- [OpenAI o3 Pro](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/o3-pro)
- [WWDC25: MLX for Apple Silicon](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2025/315/)


## May 2025

- [Stich by Google: Web/mobile UI vibe coding](https://stitch.withgoogle.com/)
- [Anthropic Code with Claude live stream](https://x.com/AnthropicAI/status/1925239440420831516)
- [Jony/Sam AI-Powered Computers](https://x.com/sama/status/1925242282523103408)
- [Jules Agentic Coding](https://jules.google/)
- [GitHub Copilot is now open-source](https://code.visualstudio.com/blogs/2025/05/19/openSourceAIEditor)
- [OpenAI Codex](https://openai.com/index/introducing-codex/)
- [Anthropic API: Web Search Tool](https://www.anthropic.com/news/web-search-api)
- [Gemini-powered coding agent](https://deepmind.google/discover/blog/alphaevolve-a-gemini-powered-coding-agent-for-designing-advanced-algorithms/)
- [Windsurf SWE-1 model](https://windsurf.com/blog/windsurf-wave-9-swe-1)
- [Elevenlabs Soundboard](https://elevenlabs.io/blog/how-we-created-a-soundboard-using-elevenlabs-sfx-api)
  

## April 2025

- [Introducing Qwen3](https://qwenlm.github.io/blog/qwen3/)
- [Llama API](https://llama.developer.meta.com/docs/overview/)
- [OpenAI o3 and o4-mini](https://openai.com/index/introducing-o3-and-o4-mini/)
- [OpenAI Codex CLI](https://help.openai.com/en/articles/11096431-openai-codex-cli-getting-started)
- [Introducing GPT-4.1 in the API](https://openai.com/index/gpt-4-1/)
- [GPT-4.1 Prompting Guide](https://cookbook.openai.com/examples/gpt4-1_prompting_guide)
- [AI in Enterprise: OpenAI](https://cdn.openai.com/business-guides-and-resources/ai-in-the-enterprise.pdf)
- [OpenAI: A Practical Guide to Building Agents](https://cdn.openai.com/business-guides-and-resources/a-practical-guide-to-building-agents.pdf)
- [Firebase Studio](https://firebase.studio/)
- [Identifying and Scaling AI Use Cases](https://cdn.openai.com/business-guides-and-resources/identifying-and-scaling-ai-use-cases.pdf)
- [Google Agent Development Kit](https://google.github.io/adk-docs/)
- [Gemini Cookbook](https://github.com/google-gemini/cookbook)
- [Vercel AI Chat SDK](https://vercel.com/blog/introducing-chat-sdk), [Get started](https://chat-sdk.dev/)
- [The Llama 4 herd](https://ai.meta.com/blog/llama-4-multimodal-intelligence/)

## March 2025

- [OpenAI Image Generation in ChatGPT](https://openai.com/index/introducing-4o-image-generation/)
- [OpenAI Response API and Agent SDK](https://openai.com/index/new-tools-for-building-agents/)
- [OpenAI.FM](https://www.openai.fm/)
- [Gemini 2.5](https://blog.google/technology/google-deepmind/gemini-model-thinking-updates-march-2025/#gemini-2-5-thinking)
- [DeepSeek-V3-0324](https://huggingface.co/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-V3-0324)
- [Manus](https://manus.im/)
- [Vapi: Voice AI Agents for Developers](https://vapi.ai/)
- [Gemma 3](https://blog.google/technology/developers/gemma-3/)
- [QwQ-32B Reasoning Model](https://qwenlm.github.io/blog/qwq-32b/)
- [Introducing LMStudio SDK](https://lmstudio.ai/blog/introducing-lmstudio-sdk)
- [FastHTML and MonsterUI](https://www.drewecherd.com/post/hello-fasthtml-monsterui)
- [Mistral Small 3.1](https://mistral.ai/news/mistral-small-3-1)
- [Claude Web Search](https://www.anthropic.com/news/web-search)
- [Krea AI Video Training](https://x.com/krea_ai/status/1902722055759671505)
- [NotebookLM Mind Maps](https://x.com/tokumin/status/1902251588925915429)
- [Hunyuan 3D Generation AI](https://huggingface.co/tencent/Hunyuan3D-2mv)
- [Stability AI New Virtual Camera](https://x.com/StabilityAI/status/1902033312379732171)
- [Gemini Canvas & Audio Overview](https://gemini.google.com/canvas)
- ***

## February 2025

- [OpenAI GPT 4.5](https://openai.com/index/introducing-gpt-4-5/)
- [Claude 3.7 Sonnet and Claude Code](https://www.anthropic.com/news/claude-3-7-sonnet)
- [Google Gemini Code Assist](https://blog.google/technology/developers/gemini-code-assist-free/)
- [Grok 3 Beta](https://x.ai/blog/grok-3)
- [Hugging Face FastRTC](https://fastrtc.org/)
- [Microsoft Phi-4 Multimodal](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/empowering-innovation-the-next-generation-of-the-phi-family/)
- [ElevenLabs Scribe](https://elevenlabs.io/blog/meet-scribe)
- [Qwen Chat: Thinking, Web Search, Artifacts, Video](https://chat.qwenlm.ai/)
- [Alibaba Wan 2.1 AI video](https://x.com/Alibaba_Wan/status/1894391929024152055)
- [Perplexity Voice Mode with Grok 3](https://x.com/perplexity_ai/status/1894788583770509505)
- [Amazon Alexa+](https://x.com/amazon/status/1894796967894479141)
- [Mistral Le Chat app](https://chat.mistral.ai/chat)
- [Anthropic Jailbreaks](https://www.anthropic.com/research/constitutional-classifiers)
- [Pika adds Pikaddition](https://x.com/pika_labs/status/1887547042622562646)
- [Google Gemini 2.0 Pro](https://blog.google/technology/google-deepmind/gemini-model-updates-february-2025/?utm_source=x&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=&utm_content=)
- [Replit free text-to-app](https://x.com/dr_cintas/status/1887591534138147052)
- [ByteDance’s AI avatars](https://omnihuman-lab.github.io/)
- [OpenAI’s Deep Research](https://openai.com/index/introducing-deep-research/)
- [HuggingFace AI App Store](https://huggingface.co/spaces)

---

### January 2025

- [DeepSeek R1 and Chat](https://www.deepseek.com)
- [DeepSeek Janus](https://github.com/deepseek-ai/Janus)
- [Trae AI Code Editor](https://www.trae.ai/home)

---

## December 2024

- [12 Days of OpenAI](https://openai.com/12-days/)
  - [Day 1: o1 and ChatGPT Pro](https://openai.com/index/introducing-chatgpt-pro/)
  - [Day 2: Reinforcement Fine-Tuning](https://openai.com/form/rft-research-program/)
  - [Day 3: Sora](https://sora.com/)
  - [Day 4: ChatGPT Canvas](https://openai.com/index/introducing-canvas/)
  - [Day 5: Apple Intelligence](https://openai.com/12-days/)
  - [Day 6: Advanced voice with video & Santa mode](https://openai.com/12-days/)
  - [Day 7: Projects in ChatGPT](https://help.openai.com/en/articles/10169521-using-projects-in-chatgpt)
  - [Day 8: ChatGPT Search](https://openai.com/index/introducing-chatgpt-search/)
  - [Day 9: OpenAI o1 and new tools for developers](https://openai.com/index/o1-and-new-tools-for-developers/)
  - [Day 10: 1-800-CHATGPT](https://openai.com/12-days/)
  - [Day 11: Work with apps](https://openai.com/12-days/)
  - [Day 12: o3 Preview](https://openai.com/index/deliberative-alignment/)
- [Gemini 2.0](https://blog.google/technology/google-deepmind/google-gemini-ai-update-december-2024/#ceo-message)
  [Grok Image Generation Release](https://x.ai/blog/grok-image-generation-release)
- [Ollama Structured Outputs](https://ollama.com/blog/structured-outputs)
- [Llama 3.3](https://www.llama.com/docs/model-cards-and-prompt-formats/llama3_3)
- [ElevenLabs: Build AI Agents That Speak](https://elevenlabs.io/conversational-ai)
- [PydanticAI](https://ai.pydantic.dev/)
- [Introducing Amazon Nova Models](https://aws.amazon.com/ai/generative-ai/?gclid=Cj0KCQiA3sq6BhD2ARIsAJ8MRwW_cnH-GVthnqFmh1Wg1rSpSjV6z0eWvu51SP1QSGt-Y1r8kPSwzg4aAvr6EALw_wcB&trk=5052a323-ec6a-44c6-8dc7-f1197cd3a30e&sc_channel=ps&ef_id=Cj0KCQiA3sq6BhD2ARIsAJ8MRwW_cnH-GVthnqFmh1Wg1rSpSjV6z0eWvu51SP1QSGt-Y1r8kPSwzg4aAvr6EALw_wcB:G:s&s_kwcid=AL!4422!3!686122498300!p!!g!!aws%20generative%20ai!20894977914!155892715886)
- [DeepSeek V3](https://www.deepseek.com)

---
